[All hosts] (NAA) Update SAC and MSA support info (#2253)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-reference: docs/requirement-sets/common/nested-app-auth-requirement-sets.md

> [!IMPORTANT]
>
> - Currently, the NestedAppAuth 1.1 requirement set is supported in Office on the web only for documents that are opened from Microsoft SharePoint Online and OneDrive.

## Supported accounts and hosts

> NAA supports both Microsoft Accounts (MSA), such as personal outlook.com accounts, and Microsoft Entra ID (work/school) identities. It doesn't support Azure Active Directory B2C for business-to-consumer identity management scenarios. The following table explains the current support by platform. Platforms listed as generally available (GA) are ready for production usage in your add-in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NAA supports both Microsoft Accounts (MSA), such as personal outlook.com accounts, and Microsoft Entra ID (work/school) identities. It doesn't support Microsoft Entra B2C for business-to-consumer identity management scenarios. The following table explains the current support by platform. Platforms listed as generally available (GA) are ready for production usage in your add-in.
```
See https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/fundamentals/new-name#glossary-of-updated-terminology.

Author: The product is still using this name so probably should stick with Azure Active Directory B2C until it gets changed.

| Application | Web        | Windows                                              | Mac        | iOS/iPad           | Android        |
|-------------|------------|------------------------------------------------------|------------|--------------------|----------------|
| Excel       | In preview | In preview                                           | In preview | In preview on iPad | Not applicable |

> | Outlook     | GA         | GA in Current Channel, Monthly Enterprise Channel, and Semi-Annual Channel (build 16.0.17928.20392). Preview in Semi-Annual Channel Extended. | GA         | GA (iOS)           | GA             |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Outlook     | GA         | GA in Current Channel, Monthly Enterprise Channel, and Semi-Annual Channel (Version 2408 (Build 17928.20392)). Preview in Semi-Annual Channel Extended. | GA         | GA (iOS)           | GA             |
```

Suggestion to keep format consistent with docs.
